Document exporter size batching (#904)
coralogix/telemetry-shippers: otel-integration/k8s-helm/README.md

            - coralogix
```

### Tune resource catalog Coralogix exporter queue and batching

At the moment, this queue tuning applies to the Coralogix exporter used by the resource catalog pipeline. Use it when you need the resource catalog exporter to absorb short downstream slowdowns or increase drain capacity. For this tuning, size the queue in bytes and keep the batch limits aligned with the current Coralogix defaults.

```yaml
opentelemetry-agent:
  presets:
    coralogixResourceCatalogExporter:
      sendingQueue:
        enabled: true
        sizer: bytes
        queueSize: 209715200
        numConsumers: 20
        batch:
          flushTimeout: 250ms
          minSize: 1048576
          maxSize: 2097152
          sizer: bytes
```

To tune only resource catalog traffic, override these values under `presets.coralogixResourceCatalogExporter.sendingQueue`.

Use these formulas as starting estimates:

- `queueSize = peak_bytes_per_second x tolerated_backpressure_seconds`
- `numConsumers = ceil(peak_bytes_per_second / sustainable_bytes_per_second_per_consumer)`

Where:

- `peak_bytes_per_second` is the highest sustained telemetry volume you expect during busy periods.

> - `tolerated_backpressure_seconds` is how long you want the queue to absorb backend slowdown before data starts dropping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `backpressure_tolerance_seconds` is the target duration the queue can buffer data being produced at the peak rate before the queue overflows and data is dropped.
```

- `sustainable_bytes_per_second_per_consumer` is how many bytes one exporter consumer can continuously send in your environment.

Example:

- Peak traffic: `48 MiB/s`

> - Tolerated slowdown: `30s`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backpressure tolerance: `30s`
```
